Add Media object Align Start modifier (#1791)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: src/objects/media/media.stories.mdx

    {(args) => imageDemo(args)}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

> ## Align Start
> 
> By adding the `o-media--align-start` class, the media object will use `align-items: start`.
> This can come in handy when the content is vertically shorter than the object
> and there are multiple Media objects side-by-side with varying content.
> It provides a way to visually align the multiple Media objects.

Reviewer: Some suggestions:

- Change the heading to be more generic in case we want to add more alignment modifiers in the future. This is also consistent with the Deck object heading with a similar purpose.
- Explain how this differs from the usual alignment.
- Link to the complimentary Deck object modifier for additional context.
- Cap line lengths consistently to 80 characters. For MDX files I don't think breaking lines manually is a requirement at all, but when we do, adhering to [the long-term standard](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/a/148678) is probably best.

```suggestion
## Alignment

By default, the Media object optimizes its alignment based on its content alone.
This may result in inconsistent alignment when multiple Media objects with
inconsistent content lengths are displayed side by side.

You may add the `o-media--align-start` modifier to force consistent alignment
between adjacent Media objects. This pairs nicely with [the Deck object modifier
of the same name](/docs/objects-deck--block-alignment).
```

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Align Default"
    args={{
      text: 'Default alignment',
    }}
    parameters={{
      docs: {
        transformSource: imageDemoTransformSource,
      },
    }}
  >
    {(args) => imageDemo(args)}
  </Story>
  <Story
    name="Align Start"
    args={{
      align_start: true,
      text: 'Align start alignment',
    }}
    parameters={{
      docs: {
        transformSource: imageDemoTransformSource,
      },
    }}
  >
    {(args) => imageDemo(args)}
  </Story>

> </Canvas>

Reviewer: Should we add a "Template Properties" section now that we have several?

Author: @tylersticka Good idea!

It [this](https://github.com/cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns/pull/1791/commits/3d8522e5f0b8c4956a12ebc10cce206cbb21c817) what you had in mind? It's still WIP (I'll have to finish tomorrow), but I am finding it a bit odd I need to connect the `<ArgsTable>` to a specific story. Should I add an `<ArgsTable>` to all nine individual stories? 🤔 

<img width="1021" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-12 at 2 28 08 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/459757/168171436-63adc3dc-ac85-4eb5-a35d-207e669ea3f3.png">

Reviewer: @gerardo-rodriguez `ArgsTable` is a good choice if the story's properties are the same as the template's properties. In this case, I'm skeptical that `imgSrc` and `text` are template properties?

If in doubt, a simple list will suffice. Here's an example: https://v-next--cloudfour-patterns.netlify.app/?path=/docs/components-alert--basic#template-properties

Author: [Added](https://github.com/cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns/pull/1791/commits/0a9073b95fd889f127def9245d2252bdb547b5b7)!

<img width="852" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-13 at 5 34 24 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/459757/168284116-09790736-8ec1-42bb-945f-7e1680530142.png">
